weird feeling about this place how do I
know they're not gonna secretly
videotape me and put it all over the
internet because honey yeah I mean this
and the sweetest way possible nobody's
gonna want to watch that mr. Bing
here you are you'll go into that room
and deposit your specimen into the
container deposit my specimen you know I
usually have to call a 900 number for
that kind of talk
thanks guy alright my tests are down the
hall I'm sure you gonna be okay yeah I
guess look I know this is embarrassing
but nobody cares no one here even knows
you Oh
[Applause]
oh come on
ah how great is this yeah we're probably
fertile let's go home why are you here
well Sid and I are trying again and we
had trouble last time because apparently
we no I mean why why is she here Oh
someone's a little cranky today cuz they
have to do it in a cup huh oh they gave
you the kiddie size
what this was fun but I've got an
invasive vaginal exam to get to I'd love
to stay but I've got a hot date
please go just let me know if you need a
hand
I think it just fell off it is not okay
that I'm aroused by this now hello oh hi
dr. Connelly I know well she's not here
but you know I can tell her
should I be sitting down for this Oh
uh-huh uh-huh well so what does that
mean
okay uh okay thank you thanks hey
sweetie
dr. Connelly just called Oh with good
news of course is not good news you just
said dr. Connelly just called it was
good news you guys said dr. Connelly
just called but um so what is it is it
um your problem is there a problem with
me or with you actually it's both of us
what apparently my sperm have low
motility and you have an inhospitable
environment Oh what does that mean it
means that my guys won't get off their
barcaloungers and you have a uterus that
is prepared to kill the ones that do
it means Chandler and beans so we can
keep trying but there's a good chance
this may never happen for us
my god I'm sorry
I'm sorry too well we're gonna we're
gonna figure this out yeah I know
[Music]
you